README.md, before:

peepcode-ordr-test
==================

Testing experiments on the Peepcode Ordr EmberJS Application

**See: [Peepcode EmberJS Screencast](https://peepcode.com/products/emberjs).**

# Objectives

The **Ordr** application in the [Peepcode screencast](https://peepcode.com/products/emberjs)
is a perfect application to experiment upon:

1.  Small
    * 85 lines of Javascript
    * <100 lines of HTML/templating
2.  Sophisticated
    * 5 classes
    * Key relationships
    * Exploits EmberJS features (which it should since it's an EmberJS tutorial!)

Hence, it's a reasonable "smallest realistic" Ember app to "play with".  So here we're playing
with [testem](https://github.com/airportyh/testem) to perform integration testing on the **Ordr** application.

# Maturity

We just built this last night (March 5, 2013), but we got docs and a running test!  We're going to be testing
numerous different testing metaphors and will be documenting them as we go along.  Please offer suggestions/
feedback/etc and/or come join us!

# Installation

1.  Clone this application into your favorite work directory:

        git clone git@github.com:OC-Emberjs/peepcode-ordr-test.git

1.  Install [testem](https://github.com/airportyh/testem).
1.  In a console window:

        cd peepcode-ordr-test
        bundle install
        testem

1.  Observe that ```testem``` is running.
1.  Connect browsers to ```testem``` as documented by ```testem```.
1.  Observe test results both in connected browsers and in ```testem``` browser page itself.

At this point, we have both java-based and coffee-based test scripts here:

    js/tests/tests/tests

*NOTE: at this point the coffee transation is not working right which this is why this is on a branch at the moment.*

# Credits

Thanks to:

* [Peepcode](http://peepcode.com) for giving permission to use their **Ordr** application.  Highly recommend
their [screencast](https://peepcode.com/products/emberjs).
* Bill Heaton for his PRs.

Commit message:

added (guard) watcher to monitor js directory and execute the build (compiles coffee files)

README.md, after:

peepcode-ordr-test
==================

Testing experiments on the Peepcode Ordr EmberJS Application

**See: [Peepcode EmberJS Screencast](https://peepcode.com/products/emberjs).**

# Objectives

The **Ordr** application in the [Peepcode screencast](https://peepcode.com/products/emberjs)
is a perfect application to experiment upon:

1.  Small
    * 85 lines of Javascript
    * <100 lines of HTML/templating
2.  Sophisticated
    * 5 classes
    * Key relationships
    * Exploits EmberJS features (which it should since it's an EmberJS tutorial!)

Hence, it's a reasonable "smallest realistic" Ember app to "play with".  So here we're playing
with [testem](https://github.com/airportyh/testem) to perform integration testing on the **Ordr** application.

# Maturity

We just built this last night (March 5, 2013), but we got docs and a running test!  We're going to be testing
numerous different testing metaphors and will be documenting them as we go along.  Please offer suggestions/
feedback/etc and/or come join us!

# Installation

1.  Clone this application into your favorite work directory:

        git clone git@github.com:OC-Emberjs/peepcode-ordr-test.git

1.  Install [testem](https://github.com/airportyh/testem).
1.  In a console window:

        cd peepcode-ordr-test
        bundle install
        testem

1.  Observe that ```testem``` is running.
1.  Connect browsers to ```testem``` as documented by ```testem```.
1.  Observe test results both in connected browsers and in ```testem``` browser page itself.

At this point, we have both coffee-based test scripts here:

    js/tests/tests/*

## Compile coffee script tests 

    $ bundle exec rakep build

Or using Guard

    $ bundle exec guard

To quit watching the js directory use the `exit` command to leave the watcher

# Credits

Thanks to:

* [Peepcode](http://peepcode.com) for giving permission to use their **Ordr** application.  Highly recommend
their [screencast](https://peepcode.com/products/emberjs).
* Bill Heaton for his PRs.
